
THIS WEEKEND
	Christmas shopping
		Dad: ? (Celine Dion)
		ToBi: Midget gems (&Headphones)
		Felix: Blocks (Books)
		Fliss: knitting thing
		Harry: ???????
		Emma: *****
		Mum: (Teddy Robinson)
		Charlotte: (armband)
		???????
		Emzy: Evening with Neil and Amanda
		Tom: Flash thing
		Matt: 

GAME STUCTURE
	Event: You are alone
		Unlock: Food, forage
	n food -> Event: Get wood
		Unlock: Wood, chop, wooden hut
	n wood -> Event: Volcano
	m wood -> Event: Shipwreck Survivor
		Unlock: Random events, Forager
	hut built -> Event: Language
		Unlock: Farm, Rope, Ropemaker, Wooden axes 
	wooden axes -> Event: Village Survivor
		Unlock: Stone, Stone axes

TO DO

	Functionality	
		Unlock events based on resources gathered

	Bugs
		MEMORY IS CRAZY BISCUITS
		Improvements: Inserting a nested modification when the original property doesn't exist adds the array where it should apply the modification to a base of 0 
			- Consider changing all modifications to the array structure (with = as an operator) and remove the "doesn't exist" shortcut

		If there are no villagers left, events that need a villager need to be blocked.
			- And as an extension, what about events that want more than 1 villager1

		Consumption doesn't seem to update in response to events after the first one
		Population counts you but can go to 0
		Can get negative workers and starvation can crash the game

		Checking for villagers in the memory check uses name when it should use some sort of id

		Veil seems short on load?

	Presentation
		Basic styling
		Action cooldown display
		Fadeout old Feed messges
		Introduce interface gradually over time
		Things are added to the end of their respective lists as they are created, but then when the page is reloaded they are ordered. Order should be fixed no matter what.
		Seasons
		Capitalisation on pronouns
		Pronouns in Event buttons?

	Functionality
		Consider making Pop Growth scale up with PopCap? Or removing natural Pop Growth
		Give "You have starved" an effect
		Retroactive benefits from building improvements?
		Unlocks based on pop? (YAGNI?)
		Unlocks based on culture?
		Resource actions associated with Finite resources? (YAGNI?)
		Documentation
		Break up Upgrades into subgroups?
		Break resources up into actual resources and notional ones?
		Show income and income sources on Resources
		Count times an event choice is made
		Unlock events based on workers
			In fact, just be able to check if an event should be triggered based on an arbitrary factor and trigger somethign else if not
		Upgrade Destruction
		Finite resources
		Culture groups
		Prevent two villagers having the same name? Just increase the options to make it statistically unlikely?
		Ability to ask for specific types of villager 
			But this also requires limiting events to triggering when they are available
		Seasons
		Prevent event memory from just remembering everything. It is wasteful.
		Unlock locked prerequesites if a child event becomes locked.
		Starvation approaching warning
		Remove you have starved, but add in a new "You are alone" if all villagers are gone
		What if they close the window without resolving an important event?

	Testing
		Locking/unlocking events with tech trees is really complicated. and needs some serious testing
		Destruction needs some serious testing

	Refactor
		Extract Template files
		Optimize income over time?
		Optimize improvements?
		Add error handling
		Villagers should probably be a Backbone Model instead of a regular array
		Tech Tree unlocks are pretty much copy pastes, they should share functions
		The Village collection is a horrible hack to get around saving the village. Do somethign better.
		An array to define operator and value for modifications is silly, should just be two parameters
		Replace subscriptions hard coded strings with references to G
		Replace selectors with referneces to G
		Consider moving the responsibility for memory onto Villagers instead of events
		Event controller is deeply sketchy
		Locking/unlocking everything is awful and I hate it
		Event choice effects are terrible and I hate them
		Pronoun settings for villager is terrible
	FINALLY
		Make an actual game
		Good stlying

	Advanced styling
		Automatically display effects